Update pingone-oidc.mdx (#16466)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/identity/idp-integration/pingone-oidc.mdx

> 9. In the **Redirect URIs** field, enter your team domain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. In the **Redirect URIs** field, enter the following URL:
```
